hey this is Chris and Christian from
crisscross media and we literally just
came out of Disney's 50th animated movie
Tangled and we saw it in 3d formats ah
still got the glasses we still wearing
the classist you always hit his head on
the door walking out no I'm just kidding
but uh first thoughts in the movie I
don't to give away too much like I'll
give you a quick synopsis of the plot if
you know the basic story of Rapunzel
there's a girl locked in a tower with
long hair in this story her hair has
magical powers that can actually heal
and make people young and that's kind of
where the story it's kind of where the
story starts out it starts off because
people want the hair and yeah I without
giving away too much you really have to
see it I highly recommend it you can see
that Disney Animation Studios is really
back on track since The Princess and the
Frog and now this movie it seems that
Disney Animation is back at its roots
like it was during its Golden Age back
in the 90s when you had such classes
such classics as Little Mermaid buting
the Beast The Lion King Aladdin and you
know the ones that we grew up with
though this one isn't hand-drawn fully
like you said it before we went to go
see the movie it's kind of like half
animated half they add like some type of
lining to the characters to make it look
like it's Andrew right it's 3d animated
and rendered but there's like elements
of hand-drawn animation and like like
painting it's like it looks like a
moving painting Oh mom yeah cool cuz it
makes like I mean you can see that
Disney is going to going like I like how
you said back to their roots the roots
it's really good to see the Disney's
moving into in a positive direction and
one of the greatest things about this
movie which one of the Disney's more
recent projects like chicken little
bolts Meet the Robinsons was more
missing was musicals
you know like songs and stories the
music really like really yeah I've told
the story exactly Alan Menken returns as
the composer of the music in the movie
Tangled and he wrote the songs for for
Little Mermaid he wrote the songs for
Beauty and the Beast there was
Landon and you know the music in this
movie was so strong and it's I think
it's gonna be something that will be
remembered like a clap like a classic
song like the ones from Beauty and the
Beast and stuff like that one of my well
I think personally one of my favorite
songs in the movie was the one with the
lanterns the lantern Simran in the boat
and it's kind of like a I don't know you
see it was like it reminded me a song
from Beauty and the Beast when when
Belle started noticing that the Beast
was you know not beastly
III the the name of the song escapes me
right now it was like there may be
something there that wasn't there before
I don't even know if that's the name of
the title but you know if you know the
movie you know the song it has had like
a good melody and I think it played well
with the was have seen yeah and on the
screen yeah exactly
characters what were you see your
favorite character in the movie was um
my favorite character in the movie was
the chameleon the little Pascal's cow
right it's Rapunzel's little chameleon
pet and it's just funny like he doesn't
talk but the expressions in his face and
the colors that when he changes into
he's like the community character one of
the him and Maximus were really good
characters Maximus was the horse it was
a royal horse tracking down the thief
Flynn Rider and Flynn Rider was my
personal favorite aka Eugene yeah I
watched some of the making of this and I
am the director Brian Howard said that
the inspiration for not Maximus a Flynn
Rider was Indiana Jones and I'm a huge
Indiana Jones fan and I saw a lot of
references to Indiana Jones in the
character the way he moves away fought
there was at one scene when they were
underground with the torch and through
the tunnels and there's like you know
the skeletons and stuff like that on my
contact have to watch it again yeah yeah
it's a definite like what double watch
right say and definite like own on DVD
or blu-ray or digital download I don't
know what the kids do this thing VHS but
yeah I mean I love Flynn Rider and we're
talking about in the car the trailers of
this movie do not do this
sure not to adjust the justice exactly
because the movie is so much more
there's a lot of depth in the characters
great music because in the trailer they
use like really stupid music that wasn't
even in the movie they'd showed like
some of the more silly parts but this
movie had a lot of dark tone - I gotta
say this story in this movie was amazing
I mean were what 19 year old kids and
like this whole movie is really like I
felt like crying it was like it really
like develops the story well and you
really what is it associated with the
characters yeah I mean they took the
simple tale of the puzzle and they made
it to this whole the whole other motion
picture they had so many elements to it
and so many different new characters you
know I guess we can talk a little bit
about the villain Mother Gothel she
seems like a classic Disney villain and
she really reminded me of Ursula oh
that's who yeah I guess you're right
I like this the way she moved in the way
she was very sneaky you know Ursula had
already a precondition like plot you
know like an idea of what she was gonna
do but she hid it by tricking people how
Ursula wanted Ariel's voice and to get
the triton but you know she's very
sneaky and may look oh I'm doing this to
help you out but really I'm doing this
to help myself out and Mother Gothel I
was the same thing and I guess you know
it's like the classic Disney villain
yeah yeah with the old lady exactly oh
yeah yeah yeah it happen same thing
happen in the river it's no way it was
just no way - yes no way it was the
first first Disney movie and this is the
50th thing is just like the you know
bring back that old character a little
element of a read yeah
I don't even make those connections
that's cool yeah yeah cuz no I yeah I
see that back to the trailer and what
they say showed in the trailers
it was either it was really geared
towards girls it was either really too
geared towards boys I think the movie
really has something for everyone it was
it was like good enough for families but
it's not something that you say all only
see it if you have kids if something
that adults could enjoy too because
there were story elements and emotions
through the storytelling that would
there's a lot of action you know it's a
lot of good action which would appeal to
boys and another thing is that in some
movies they have a really strong female
lead and it's it's obvious a girl movie
right it's all other movies there's a
really strong male D but I think it was
really equal in this movie basic good it
reminded me a lot like a good balance of
like how they did in Aladdin how Aladdin
yeah he was he was had a huge part in
the movie he was strong the movie was
named after him but then he gun it
wasn't just a dude's movie it was
there's also jasmine yeah she was really
strong and you know it was just a nice
they had elements of every movie in this
which yeah good choice good choice of
being the 50th Animated Film and it
really gave that 50 justice I think oh
yeah so it's just like I mean put that
cap like Disney's you know
the 50th 50th fell it was amazing okay
so let's tally up all these little
imaginary points we have for Disney's
Tangled from 3d we I give it 5 out of 5
what would you give it I give it I give
it 5 out of 5 stars as well so I'm gonna
a verge these two scores and I think
that's 5 out of 5 I don't have my
calculator with me but that's 5 out of 5
stars from crisscross media I'm Chris
and I'm Christian and you've just been
criss cross go see Disney's Tangled in
3d out now also in 2d peace